Delete a running backup job (#9661)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore.md

2. Click **Delete** for the backup file that you want to delete.

### Delete a running backup job

To delete a running backup job, it is similar as [**Delete backup files**](#delete-backup-files).

1. Navigate to the **Backup** tab of a cluster.

> 2. Click **Delete** for the backup file that which is in "Pending" or "Running" state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Delete** for the backup job that is in the **Pending** or **Running** state.
```
